Well, I decided to start a differnt file per subject. 
we will see how long this continues.. i hope more than a brief moment

honestly, i don't know where to put this question.

Its about markdown language.

??? How much do you use markdown?
??? Whats the plug in to see it in vim?
??? Best README.md protocol?
??? 

since I did so badly on the linked in git quiz, i'm going to do it again and take pics of all questions..

well.. that was embarrasing.. I think i did worse than the first time and thought I couldv'e passed. bottom 30 percent.

So we at least have 15 questions to talk about!!! next time I have to take pics of my answers.. its also my last try i think!


1) git checkout 
	git checkout feature-user-location
	git cherry-pick (who-gives-a-shit)
	
2) what option can be used with the git config command to apply configs across the entire GIT environment?
# multiple choice options : )

3) Why would you use a pre-recieve hook in your remote repository?

4) what happens if you runn this command from your master branch?
	git checkout -b beta-test
		# another mention of checkout 
		# I don't know what -b means, but I expected beta-test to be a file name
		
5) after mistakenly staging a file named myFile to the index, how would yyou remove it from the index to exclude it from your next commit?

6) how does git internally manage branches?

7) which command correctly creates a lightweight tag

8) you found a bug in your system but can't locate where it was introduced in the commit history. How would you diagnose this problem?

9) What is a remote repository?

10) git reset help???

11) create a custom shortcut or command across 

hanging out with this I think its a valuble lesson.

taking quizes is important for two reasons.. 
I started that sentence thinking about comparing testing/evaluating and aiming tragectory.. but..
I've been learning about modern control systems and realized to test ones understanding and to create a "closed loop" of understanding can be considered one thing. 

